c:\users\spock\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\desireHUB\desireHUB\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\spock\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\desireHUB\desireHUB\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\spock\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\desireHUB\desireHUB\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\spock\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\desireHUB\desireHUB\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\spock\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\desireHUB\desireHUB\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\spock\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\desireHUB\desireHUB\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\spock\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\desireHUB\desireHUB\Bin\Debug\desireHUB.dll
c:\users\spock\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\desireHUB\desireHUB\Bin\Debug\desireHUB.pdb
c:\users\spock\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\desireHUB\desireHUB\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\spock\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\desireHUB\desireHUB\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\spock\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\desireHUB\desireHUB\Bin\Debug\desireHUB_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\spock\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\desireHUB\desireHUB\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\spock\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\desireHUB\desireHUB\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\spock\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\desireHUB\desireHUB\obj\Debug\desireHUB.g.resources
c:\users\spock\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\desireHUB\desireHUB\obj\Debug\desireHUB.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\spock\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\desireHUB\desireHUB\obj\Debug\desireHUB.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\spock\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\desireHUB\desireHUB\obj\Debug\desireHUB.dll
c:\users\spock\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\desireHUB\desireHUB\obj\Debug\desireHUB.pdb
c:\users\spock\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\desireHUB\desireHUB\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\spock\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\desireHUB\desireHUB\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\spock\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\desireHUB\desireHUB\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\spock\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\desireHUB\desireHUB\obj\Debug\desireHUB.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\spock\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\desireHUB\desireHUB\obj\Debug\searchPage.g.cs
c:\users\spock\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\desireHUB\desireHUB\obj\Debug\couponPage.g.cs
c:\users\spock\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\desireHUB\desireHUB\obj\Debug\eventPage.g.cs
c:\users\spock\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\desireHUB\desireHUB\obj\Debug\newsPage.g.cs
